# TADIS

Continuous integration (CI) is a software development practice that allows engineering teams to constantly and effectively deliver new functionality to the end user, and building the application from its source code is a requirement for every delivery. However, build process is a very resource-consuming task, where the demand for build execution varies significantly over time. Modern CI solutions are usually cloud-based distributed services that are capable of serving numerous users and running multiple build processes simultaneously. In some cases, such services might become unreachable due to the poor quality of the network infrastructure. Running a CI solution on dedicated hardware instead of using a cloud-based service might be overly expensive for small development teams. Furthermore, installing CI locally is a time-consuming process that requires specific expertise most developers do not have. The fact that modern CI is a distributed system adds an additional level of complexity. In attempt to solve these problems, this thesis introduces TADIS (Task Distribution Service) – a cross-platform application that automates the process of creating CI infrastructure using personal computers instead of cloud-based servers. The application is based on a Fog computing architecture and relies heavily on modern containerization technologies. Users can voluntarily share the computational power of their personal computers to coordinate and run build processes. To make a decision about the practical applicability of such system, several simulations have been per- formed, with up to 250 simultaneous users and 10 personal computers in the network.
